HCL or HARDCORE LIFE Campaign by Mikk & Gaftherman

Info

This Half-life Campaign is an remake with lots of new contents.  with brand new combinations of chapters/maps, weapons, A.Is/NPCs from Opposing force, Azure sheep, Residual life, and Sven Co-op. Classic Mode should be ENABLED or system will NOT WORK.

Things you need keep in mind while playing this.

1) The ammo will NOT spawn most of the time. Pick it up and share with everyone.

2) The server have dynamic ammo spawn for % amount of players. More players join means ammo will potentially spawns.

3) The same dynamic spawns could also apply for enemies.

4) The maps are designed dynamically from 1 to 7 players. More than 8 people picking up all the ammo, would potentially make other players empty handed with just a crowbar. so don't take it all by yourself.

5) The enemies will start to looks for players after a certain time of period. EVEN if there are no players by default.

6) The flashlight is limited. You have 100 battery charge by default. you can charge it by picking up special battery, looks similarly like the H.E.V battery.

7) The head shot balancing is on, so more players join the game, the head shot damage reduction for enemy will be increase 0.1 per 2 players Generic: maximum: 1.1, minimum: 0.6; it can variate for some maps.

8) This campaign is really long so it have a lobby. All maps are equally hard. You will miss out a lot of weapons if you didn't complete on certain maps.

9) The maps will start off survival. after some seconds it turn on with not count advertensing.

10) the npc's will NOT drop weapons

11) this campaign can be finished by 3 different ways. the ending doesn't changed at all. the gameplay does

12) This campaign have secrets and bonuses, good luck finding one ;)


Maps Created / Modified by Mikk
Scripting merging by Gaftherman

thanks to:
Cubemath
Outerbeast
Dissident (Rizulix)
Hons.Elle 
Cakey
Ub-Oh
AlexCorruptor
Scrama
UrbaNebula
Dr. Orange
Angela Luna
KernCore
Neo
Zorbos
Hano (Stella)
KEZAEIV
Rick
AuroraF
lazyfaker
Rafael "R4to0" Alves
JulianR0

and special thanks to w00tguy for BSPGuy tool creation


Music credits into maps/c0lobby_hardcorelife_motd.txt